Yes, son.
This is what my master brought from the mountain
I specially told me to give it to you.
This iron rooster
So generous
You sit first
What did your master say to you?
My master, my master didn't say anything
Something is wrong
Definitely fried
Why are you here?
Oh you old boy
A thousand-year-old wild ginseng
You want to change my granddaughter?
Haha, it's a good deal.
Tonight?
This little friend Lu An
You must have seen
How well do you remember him?
What impression?
Looks like a good impression
Relatives of the two of you
Old hand
Grandpa, what do you mean?
Don't you understand?
This thousand-year-old wild ginseng
It is Lu An Xiaoyong's dowry
I'm sure you two are mixed